So let's see how the data for June is
looking like. Yes, what are the early
trends indicating? Suri, it's a tale of
two extremes. On one hand, there's a
sharp decline which has come through for
ICICI Lombard and this is not just in
the month of June on a year-on-year
basis but in the month of June on a
year-on-year basis in the month of June
on a month-on-month basis and for the
first quarter as far as ICIC Lombard
witnessing that sharp decline in premium
collection. The other extreme is new
India assurance where there's a sharp
outperformance which has come as
compared to the industry average. Not
just as compared to of course ICIC
Lombard but as compared to the industry
average and this again on a
month-on-month basis, year-on-year basis
and for the first quarter. To speak
about specific numbers, ICICI Lombard
the June premium is down 8% on a
month-on-month basis. On the other hand,
industry has seen a growth of 5%. ICICI
Lombard in the month of uh you know in
the first quarter the premium has grown
by just 1%. The industry premium on the
other hand has grown by 9% in the same
period. Now let's speak about New India
assurance. June premium has grown by 11%
versus industry growth of 5%. This is on
a year-on-year basis. On a
month-on-month basis, June premium has
grown by 13%. The industry premium has
grown by just 5%. And finally for the
first quarter new India assurance the
the premium has grown by 15% as compared
to industry growth of 9%. So simple
headline ICIC Lombard experiencing a
sharp downtick in premium collection on
a month- on-month yearon-year and first
quarter basis. Other extreme New India
assurance seeing a s sharp
outperformance in its premium collection
again on all three parameters month and
for the first quarter as compared to
industry average.
Thank you very much for that.